hello hi I just wanna say is the first
time they let in on White House the
junos they're going to regret this
decision it should be a good time I hope
to make it different you know like
entertaining this year this is a show i
generally would never have watched but
i'm looking forward to it you know this
is this is the shake-up that this
country needs we're going to get some
we're gonna we're going to we're going
to have fun out there hopefully they'll
let me give the show some big old couple
in a minute so as follows in case you're
wondering how and and it's going to be
fun a good time out there hey what's
going on you're checking out and pop TV
I'm Jordan bortolotti and we're here
today at the press conference for
arguably the biggest event in Canadian
music it is the 2008 junos and we're
going to be catching up with some of the
nominees to hear how they feel about
being nominated this year is this gonna
be the year would be nice we're up
against some pretty stiff competition
we're actually hoping finger eleven
takes it cuz we're pretty confident in
those guys so what's gonna be the first
thing you guys do you take it down well
well fen just that he's probably gonna
make a bong out of it
you have to get along out of your judo
yeah I'm just wondered if that's
possible or not i'm wondering i ordered
possible man are you guys superstitious
at all like do you have any like free
award show rituals that you're gonna do
to hopefully bring on a win we don't get
invited to many awards shows at the
grammy's last year I tied some onions
around my neck for a while and that kept
me straight so I'll probably do the same
thing actually wear women's underwear
same like mine closes you're gonna cut
you um thanks for the bond you can make
a bong out of your doodle if you win
your whole finger eleven and if you will
figure 11 them again we're gonna make a
bob or I'm gonna make fun what do you
think makes a good acceptance speech if
you win this award what are you throwing
in your speech Jennifer you I like just
the simple speeches is attract me I like
those just you know simple thank you and
yeah I don't know it's pretty early i
don't think it really hit me i think it
still hasn't hit me but i was supposed
to be excited about it yeah the album
this last album is called Holly I was
recorded about a year and a half ago and
I would say the vibe of it's more like
an acoustic soul sound and yeah that's
basically it's 11 songs we actually
heard one of the artists here told us
that if they win this award we're
actually gonna turn the trophy into a
bong what are you gonna do with it
that's a great idea I may just follow
that if not i will put it on a safe safe
safe cabinet Lecavalier I think you may
be the only Ottawa native here who is
nominated how does it feel man you got
to be pop oh yeah feels great man I
represent the nation's capital you know
that's first and foremost and I
represent the country second and so you
know it feels great to be here what are
you gonna do if you win this war but the
first thing you're gonna hear wow you
know what that night is actually my
birthday yeah my birthday you know april
seven so once the once the clock strikes
twelve is my birthday no so it's a
beautiful thing man so you know I want
to go home with some birthday gifts
number one and if I do win I'm gonna I'm
gonna probably throw a huge celebration
in Ottawa definitely one of the artists
that we interview today said they were
actually to make a bong or the judo if
they got it I was thinking what do you
think about maybe making it into a
necklace I would do it man I would do it
I got some bling this bigger than a
junior so oh yeah oh yeah I got stuff
that I don't really wear you know I just
keep it as part of the collection no but
that's when we market erm i dunno into
that i said all out oh yeah what makes a
good acceptance speech to just to just
say it from the heart you know everybody
comes out and says I want to thank God
and my family and that's cool because I
want to thank the same people but don't
write it down oh yeah he does he does
and you know a lot of people's music is
like so blasphemous but then they come
out and thank God first it's hilarious
but you know me I'm somebody that is
thankful and understanding everywhere
and I do believe it's a blessing but I'm
gonna just come off my heart off the top
of my head and do it any chance of you
shouted out to and pop and your
acceptance speech if you want wow wow
maybe Anne Marie now I'm fine I'm glad
and pop you know what it is it's
possible man you know like I said I'm
gonna wing it so don't get mad if I
forget thanks so much bad Piketty are
you guys planning on doing any weird
rituals or superstitious stuff to
hopefully bring on this award for you I
don't know we heard someone say they're
gonna put onions around their neck so I
thought I just had to ask yeah i'm just
gonna punch myself in the head as much
as possible and that's gonna be my thing
see you few ins I can open this up to
the floor we've been asking him the same
question today what makes a good
acceptance speech yes funniness Cluttons
sitting waiting crying makes it really
good speed quickness but you've been
speed like a drug speed like that broke
that would know I'd be entertaining not
if I did it convinced is also good a
condensed speech is every speech yeah
what makes a good acceptance speech holy
man I would love for you to find that
out and tell us because we have botched
that when we've only ever won a bit of a
very few things and never done a good
acceptance speech so I don't know well
this year you got three huge nomination
we have to think about this in advance
in case we do in but I suppose you just
got to remember to thank everyone that's
involved which is really impossible
because just way too many people
involved but any other thing is you know
make him laugh having not won but been
dominated before what was the first
thing that was going through your mind
when you found up you were found out
you're up for three this year I don't
know we were back there we were just
kind of joking around with Dallas Green
I don't know like I think it's just an
incredible feeling when you you know
you've put everything you got into into
a record and then you get nominated for
album of the year and we've put all our
lives into being a rock group and we're
nominated for Best Rock you know and
it's just it's it's a there's nobody
knows more about how hard it is and how
much work goes into it and then your
peers and so when they decide they want
to give you a nod of recognition that's
that that means
a lot more than the actual trophy I
think an artist today told us that they
were actually gonna make a bong out of
the trophy if they want what would you
do with the trophy if you guys take down
let's say all three I would take mine
over to whoever said that we'd smoke
bongs all day and and look at the before
and after oh no I don't you know what we
were talking about that I don't know if
you get one or if you get enough for
everyone in the band or something but
it's sort of started to gather a little
collection of trophies and things so
it'll go on a nice little prestigious
spot it's funny